CommandResult did not return dbot where no outputs_prefix or outputs_key_field supplied (#11887)
demisto/content: Packs/Base/ReleaseNotes/1_7_28.md

#### Scripts
##### CommonServerPython

> Fixed an issue in CommandResult.to_context function that resulted no DBotScore in entry context when passing an indicator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue in the **CommandResult.to_context** function that would result in no DBotScore being created in the entry context while passing an indicator.
```
